>> README file for Don Malin's Cross Reference Program (XREF), version 2.23 <<

The following is a list of enhancements and corrections made to the XREF
software since its initial 1.00 release.  Even if you do not have an earlier
version, please read the following Enhancements section since these new
features may not be mentioned in your manual.


                              ENHANCEMENTS
                              ============

1)  A VERY IMPORTANT new utility STR2CODE.COM has been added to the package.
    This source code pre-processor program can be used to remove quoted
    strings from the DGROUP memory area where BASIC normally stores them thus
    freeing up extra string and variable space.  Please see the manual
    addendum file STR2CODE.DOC for more information.

2)  As of version 2.00 XREF can now handle almost unlimited program sizes.
    The previous restrictions of 2425 objects and 32766 references have been
    changed to 32766 objects and over 2 billion references or available disk
    space.  This version uses disk based algorithms so available memory is no
    longer the limiting factor however 512k is still recommended for maximum
    performance but only 256k is required.

3)  The case of object names is now preserved in all reports.

4)  A new menu choice has been added to the "File" menu and the first choice
    has been changed.  The first menu item is now "Open .MAK Definition
    File..." and will display a list of QuickBASIC make files (*.MAK) to be
    opened and processed.  The second choice now reads "Open Source Module..."
    and can be used to open and process a single module only.

5)  XREF will now omit BASIC keyword and numeric constant objects and
    references from object databases if they are not selected on any reports.
    This allows XREF to handle much larger programs than previous versions,
    since that information required a considerable amount of memory.  To
    exclude either BASIC keywords, numeric constants, or both from the object
    database, be sure that they are not checked on any of the Report menu
    options.  Note that if an object type is excluded, you cannot later use
    the object database to report objects of that type.

6)  An additional command line switch has been added - /NOHI.  If you have a
    monitor that cannot display high intensity colors (many laptops) and you
    cannot see menu "hot letters" and some areas of the screen, use this
    switch to force contrasting low intensity colors.

    ie.  XREF /B/NOHI

7)  Double clicking the mouse on "Report" or "Output" menu choices will now
    check (û) the choice without displaying the associated dialog box.

8)  A new option box has been added to the "Source Listing Setup" dialog box.
    You can use this to specify how INCLUDE$ files are shown on source
    listings.  The first choice - "Expand all INCLUDE files" causes the
    contents of all INCLUDE$ files to be listed whenever they are encountered
    in the source.  The second option - "Expand INCLUDE files only once"
    specifies that an INCLUDE$ files contents be listed only when it is first
    encountered in the source.  Subsequent references to the file will be
    ignored.  The last option - "Don't expand INCLUDE files" indicates that
    INCLUDE$ files are not to be expanded at all.  Note that the contents of
    all INCLUDE$ files will always be examined whenever they are encountered
    and the above options only effect the generated listing not reports.

9)  A new check box has been added to the -"Procedure Tree Setup" dialog box.
    You can now specify that external procedures should be omitted from the
    Procedure Tree by checking the - "Exclude EXTERNAL procedure names from
    tree" check box.

10) Two new fields have been added to the "Options" dialog box on the
    "Report" menu. 

    a. "Maximum objects/module" can be used to increase the number of objects
       that can be stored in memory for any one module.  If you have a very
       large module with many different variables or line numbers, you may
       exceed XREF's default limit of 2000.  In this case, you can increase
       this number to a maximum of 3000 objects/module.  Note that there is a
       speed penalty imposed by an increase.

    b. "Maximum tokens/logical line" can be used to increase the number of
       tokens that can be parsed from any logical line.  A token is any word
       or delimiter in the code section of a line (comments don't count).  A
       logical line is either a physical program line or the sum of all
       program lines connected with the underscore character "_".  Programs
       that use the underscore character to continue many lines (such as when
       using the FIELD statement) may exceed XREF's default maximum of 300.
       In this case, you can increase this number to a maximum of 500
       tokens/line.  Note that there is a speed penalty imposed by an
       increase.

11) XREF.EXE previously had a limit of 100 modules that could be read from a
    .MAK file.    This limit has been removed.
   
